hello to all kids here I saw the crack
10 today I bring you another video plus another
trick over call of duty 2 and good here
we see we have to come to this map
ok and get us a poet 'trinity and this
trick is to be immortal in call
of duty coast online but it only works
in this map that we can
drown and well we come here to this
area in which in which if we get
for those of us who drown
the drowning doll is worth it and we have
to put in the area before drowning
right there you see that if not the most stuck
for inside but without starting to drown
we throw the trinity rocket and we leave
pressed the circle we throw the bridge
trinity we just burst when and
when we explode we let go of the circle
we have to leave the circle pressed
until we throw the rocket of 30 and
complete and we're going to stay down here
of water, let's be immortal,
that people can not get in the water
we see that we do not drown and people
when he gets in the water killing you does not
can shoot can not kill you
then here you will see what
who was with me in the game comes to
try to kill me and you see that we
we can kill him but he shoots us and
there is no way to kill us, then it's worth
Well, it 's a way to be immortal
I think it 's called water bucket either
He can not kill you either and check it
you but because I did not forget
try it but let's go if we get
pretty much below the bullets of the
enemies are not going to give you then good
so you can put a trick here
pretty curious call of duty coast
online and as I said we throw the
trinity let's press the circle and
when the trinity has just fallen
we let go we did not skip before because
if we let go before we will not leave
the trick and then good you see that we
we are under the water we are
immortal and here you see my friend
He was coming to kill me all the time
so he could kill me and he could not kill me
no way and I could kill him
perfectly then well then I hope
let this trick serve you, it is enough
curious and pretty good the truth if you
you liked it and want more tricks left
a like and until the next kids
goodbye